_pages/includes/honers.md, before:

# 🎖 Honors and Awards

- *2024.11* **2nd Place**, Visionaries in Technology (VIT) Research Image Contest, Dartmouth Engineering
  *(Featured Work: "Optogenetic Neuroprobe" — highlighting precision engineering in neural interface)*
- *2024.07* **I-Trep Travel Scholarship**, Biomedical Entrepreneurship Summer Course, University of Vermont
- *2022.04* **PhD Innovation Fellowship**, Thayer School of Engineering, Dartmouth College
- *2020.07* **Dean's Fellowship Award**, Northeastern University
- *2019.12* **Pursuit of Excellence in Engineering Diversity and Inclusion Honor**, Mizzou
- *2019.12* **Bronze Medallion Cast Recipient**, Undergraduate Honors Ceremony, Mizzou
- *2019.10* **Big Ten+ Graduate Expo Travel Scholarship**, Purdue University
- *2019.08* **Cum Laude Honor**, University of Missouri
- *2018 - 2019* **Dean's High List** (5 Consecutive Semesters), College of Engineering, Mizzou
- *2019* **Curator's Grant-in-Aid Scholarship** (Multiple Awards), University of Missouri
- *2019.07* **Donald B. Atkinson Scholarship**, University of Missouri

Commit message:

Update university names in honors list

_pages/includes/honers.md, after:

# 🎖 Honors and Awards

- *2024.11* **2nd Place**, Visionaries in Technology (VIT) Research Image Contest, Dartmouth Engineering
  *(Featured Work: "Optogenetic Neuroprobe" — highlighting precision engineering in neural interface)*
- *2024.07* **I-Trep Travel Scholarship**, Biomedical Entrepreneurship Summer Course, University of Vermont
- *2022.04* **PhD Innovation Fellowship**, Thayer School of Engineering, Dartmouth College
- *2020.07* **Dean's Fellowship Award**, Northeastern University
- *2019.12* **Pursuit of Excellence in Engineering Diversity and Inclusion Honor**, University of Missouri
- *2019.12* **Bronze Medallion Cast Recipient**, Undergraduate Honors Ceremony, University of Missouri
- *2019.10* **Big Ten+ Graduate Expo Travel Scholarship**, Purdue University
- *2019.08* **Cum Laude Honor**, University of Missouri
- *2018 - 2019* **Dean's High List** (5 Consecutive Semesters), College of Engineering, University of Missouri
- *2019* **Curator's Grant-in-Aid Scholarship** (Multiple Awards), University of Missouri
- *2019.07* **Donald B. Atkinson Scholarship**, University of Missouri
